# LAB13-QIFAN-GROUP2-A1
## Description
This program is Assignment 1 for SOFT2412 by GROUP 2.

The program is a menu manager application using AGILE tools and methodology. It provides a menu of items with descriptions that allow the user to create an order based on the menu.

The user also has the ability to log into the admin interface, where you can add, update and remove items from the menu, as well as view the order history.

## Installation Guide
### Installing Gradle and Java

To run the program its important that you have at least Gradle 7.4 and Java 17 installed.

To install gradle, follow the instructions on the official gradle page : https://gradle.org/install/

To check your gradle version, go into your command line and type in "gradle - version" ("gradlew - version for Apple users)

To install Java, follow the instructions on the official java page : https://www.java.com/en/download/help/download_options.html

To check your java version, go into your command line and type in "java -version"

### Downloading the repository

To download the program and the repository, do the following:
- go to the repository (should be on this page of youre on github, if not, should be the following link : "https://github.sydney.edu.au/SOFT2412-COMP9412-2023S2/LAB13-QIFAN-GROUP2-A1"
- click on code (green button)
- click on download as zip
- unzip the repository

Then simply open the folder in your IDE (IntelliJ recommended).
## Using the Menu Manager
### Running the Program
Use the terminal input in the IDE, or simply open the folder in the terminal, then run the following command :

"gradle run"

This command will build and run the project with all required dependencies.

#### Using the Menu Manager
### Navigating the menu

To navigate the menu, use the number labels on the side as your input to access that option.

### Creating an order in the User Interface

To create an order, you can do the following:
- View the menu to see the available items to order
- Add item to order, then inputting the desired item and quantity
- View your order
- Adjust the quantity of items
- Remove items
- Finalize and save your order into the manager

### Accessing the Admin Interface

You can access the admin interface by doing the following:
- selecting the admin login button in the main menu will prompt you with a username and password
- after logging in, you will be sent back into the main menu with 2 new options:
  - admin interface
  - log out
- access the admin interface where you will be given 4 options:
  - add item ( adds a new item to the menu )
  -  update existing item ( update the fields of any item in the menu, or delete an item )
  - view order history ( view the order history saved in the program )
  - register new admin ( register a new admin with new login details )

## Running Tests
Tests will be run using gradle.

In the same terminal, type the following :

"gradle test"

This will run all tests for the program, then a JacocoTestReport will be automatically generated by gradle.

##

## Finding Test Coverage

To find test coverage, go to the following directory in the repository:

"../SOFT2412-A1-GROUP2/build/reports/jacoco/test/html/org.example/index.html"

And open the file in your browser. This will show you the test coverage of the project.

## DEFAULT LOGINS: 
- Admin: Username - admin, Password - admin
- User: Username - user, Pasword - user

## Collaboration
This project is open source. If you would like to contribute, then please do the following:
- create a new branch
- add your own code
- commit and push to your branch
- request to pull your branch if you desire to do so

Admins of the repository will check through pull requests.
